Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Technology also known as RGIT is an institute affiliated to the University of Mumbai. It offers the Bachelor of Engineering (BE) undergraduate course, which is its flagship course, in five disciplines. Founded in 1992, the institute is located in Andheri, Mumbai, India. The college is run by the Manjara Charitable Trust and was accredited by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE). It is recognised by the Directorate of Technical Education in Maharashtra and the UGC. The institute was awarded 'B' grade in 2019 by the NAAC.

The 5 Branches available are :
Computer Engineering,
Mechanical Enginnering,
Information Technology Engineering,
Instrumentation Engineering,
Electronics and Telecommunication Engineering.

Motto
Knowledge is the ultimate aim.

Undergraduate Courses
Bachelor of Engineering (BE) Computer Engineering, BE Instrumentation Engineering, BE Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering, BE Information Technology, BE Mechanical Engineering.

Graduate Courses
Master of Management Studies (MMS), Master of Computer Apps (MCA), Master of Engineering (M.E.) in Mechanical Engineering, Master of Engineering (M.E.) in Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering.

College festival
"Zodiac"is an inter-college and cultural festival, started in 2005. Rock concerts, gaming events, the prom night, dance workshops and similar events are held during Zodiac. A technical festival called "Icarus" is generally held in October every year.

Icarus is an annual technical festival held at the national level, where hardware projects are displayed. "Dimension 5" is a festival conducted by the department of Electronics and Telecommunications Engineering.

Clubs and societies
Marathi Bhasha Mandal (Marathi Language Society) was founded for the promotion of Marathi in the college. RGAA (Rajiv Gandhi Alumni Association) was formed in 2007. MESA (Mechanical Engineering Students' Association) formed in 2002 has been an active departmental committee throughout the year. IEEE student is a technical society for all the students. Computer Engineering Student's Society (CESS) is the departmental committee of Computer Branch and it conducts various technical workshops and seminars under itself as well as under Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) Student's Chapter. Student's council is the student body elected by the Principal and Student Conveyors annually to organize the technical festival 'ICARUS' and 'ZODIAC'. ISA student body is a department specific technical team for instrumentation students.The college also have a Drama, fashion and Dance teams. The Drama teams is also known as 'MUKHAVTE ACJN'. All of these have best working experience and extra Co-curriculum .

Co-curricular activities
Memberships of professional societies such as ISA, IEEE, CSI, ABIT, SAE, and ASME are offered to students.


Location
Juhu-Versova Link Road, Andheri West, Mumbai, Maharashtra, India.

Website
http://mctrgit.ac.in



